Earlier we discussed the importance of
staying up-to-date on security trends and news.
In this video, we're going to share ways
to establish and advance your career in
security by connecting with people
who are already in the industry.
Social media is a great way to connect
to other security professionals in the industry.
However, it's important to be mindful of
the information you share on your social media
page and when responding to
messages from people you don't know.
With that in mind, let's discuss ways
to effectively use social media to establish
or advance your security career.
One way to use social
media is to follow, or
read the posts of, leaders
in the security industry.
Chief Information Security Officers, for
example, are great individuals to follow.
They often post interviews they've
done in the security space and
share articles they've read or
contributed to.
Here's a question you
might be asking yourself:
How can I find CISOs to
follow on social media?
The best way would be to conduct an
internet search for the name of the CISO of
a popular organization or an organization
you're interested in working for.
After you find their name, you can simply
go to a social media site to look them up.
Ideally, you want to use LinkedIn® when
following security professionals.
That's because the LinkedIn® platform
focuses on connecting professionals with other
professionals in the same or
similar field.
Another way to use social
media to establish or
advance your career in the security
industry is to connect with other security analysts
currently employed in the field.
On social networks like LinkedIn®,
you can find security professionals
by searching for cybersecurity
analysts, or a similar search term,
then filtering for people and people
who talk about #cybersecurity.
Once you've found other professionals
you'd like to connect with,
you can send a connection request
with a brief comment such as:
Hi, I'd like to connect to
learn more about why you became
interested in security and
your experiences as an analyst.
Additionally, you can set your
filter to locate events and
groups that focus on security
related topics that interest you.
While social media platforms
like LinkedIn® are excellent for
connecting with professionals,
some people are more comfortable with
being active on social media than others.
For those of us who aren't very active
on social media, there are other ways to connect
with security professionals or
find mentors in the industry.
Joining different security associations
is a good way to connect with others.
There are many associations out there, so
you're going to have to do a little bit of
research to find the best ones for you.
Here's a tip! In your internet
search engine, type:
cybersecurity industry associations.
This search term will populate
a variety of different associations, so
be sure to select ones that align
with your professional goals.
Now that we've discussed ways to
engage with the security community,
consider following a CISO on LinkedIn®,
connecting with other analysts, or
searching for
cybersecurity organizations to join.
That's all for now.
I'll meet you in the next video!